what if you had a special tool that made
Diagnostics so much faster and more
complete that it totally changed the job
a tool that brought together a
remarkable to channel scope
comprehensive diagnostics and the
internet that was built to take rough
handling and the grease and dirt that
comes with it
a device that fit the technicians hands
that organized and simplified that red
systems without tethering to the vehicle
what if the tool had a big clear
colorful screen you could manipulate
touch scrolled or you could spin the
wheel to blow through menus and data
streams what is this magical mystery
tool is it a computer is it a scope a
futuristic scanner is it an Internet
device a wireless reader a codebreaker
yes yes it's all of these things push
one button for a complete test of
available vehicle systems for nearly
instantaneous checks on DTC's or repairs
to go online for information without
trudging to a PC it's all in your hands
self-contained ready in seconds so you
can check and diagnose vehicle systems
untethered even from 30 feet away
working faster smarter and with a lot
less hassle everything you need is at
your fingertips to make you super
productive to give you capabilities only
dealers once had to build your business
your service
your value most remarkably this is a
living tool updated software right at
the fender year after year maintain
best-in-class coverage across thousands
of models from manufacturers around the
world and it's backed with unmatched
levels of support for the tool for the
technician for the business for the
future take a few minutes learn more
maybe even drive the tool it's all
inside